Welcome to Daffodil International University.
We are in the era of globalization and the globalization in the sense of economy, education and other aspects. The system is changing and merging with the information superhighway. The demand of education has been changing with the aspect of global economy and adoption of new technology.

DIU is very concerned about the change of technology and the requirement of human resources in the global market and in view of that change different programs have been introduced and will be introduced in the coming days of DIU. We are also concerned about the human resource demand for the local industry. Adaptation of new programs will enrich the human resource of Bangladesh and DIU's one of the mottos is to convert people to human resources and build them for the local as well as overseas employment.

Innovations in technology and communications have enabled the educational sector to expand its realm in providing education to a wider range of students in extensive areas. Daffodil International University is dedicated to utilizing the latest technologies in its efforts to bring the best possible education to students all over the country. We provide them with the services and opportunities necessary to enable them to complete their respective educational programs successfully.
DIU believes in quality and genuine education and also aware of the phenomenon of genuine and quality education. Daffodil International University ensures experienced and rich faculties, updated curricula and modern environment. Faculties take a genuine interest in educational development of the students and because of the comfortable size of DIU, it is able to provide students with genuine education and intellectual opportunities. In addition, our curricula provide numerous academic and career options for one's path to professionalism. Besides the academic opportunities, at DIU students will also find a host of extracurricular activities to round out their collegiate experience and enrich their resume.

The current time demand is to elevate a university to international standard. The standard has many dimensions: they include the materials which are studied; the courses which are offered; the students who are taught; the faculties who teach them and undertake research; the places where teaching takes place; the environment and context within which teaching and research are undertaken. Above all, internationalization is a state of mind.

Keeping the eyes on student's career, DIU has introduced short courses like SUN, CISCO, Microsoft Certification courses beside the undergraduate and Master's programs. DIU is conscious how the students could enter into their professional life with a good background and enrich their professional life within short time.

Above all, the university is new and we are trying our best to establish the university as the best private university of Bangladesh. It is our pride that a recent evaluation of a high powered committee of Ministry of Education has placed DIU as 6th among the 53 private universities. DIU has been promoted at the fourth position among the private universities of Bangladesh by an International survey conducted by the "Webometrics Ranking of World Universities" http://www.webometrics.info/top100_continent.asp?cont=S_Asia. I feel glad to share that by the grace of Almighty the construction work of DIU Permanent Campus is progressing rapidly and already we have started academic activities.

I wish every success of all students in their educational and professional pursuits.
